c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\LaboratoryProject.exe.config
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\LaboratoryProject.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\LaboratoryProject.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.formMain.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.exe
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.pdb
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.formMainSelection.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.FormUserControl.resources
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\Mindscape.LightSpeed.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\Mindscape.LightSpeed.xml
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\Mindscape.LightSpeed.Linq.dll
c:\users\david\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\Mindscape.LightSpeed.Linq.xml
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.FormServicesMaint.resources
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.FormDocPatient.resources
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.FormReportsXRay.resources
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.FormReportsUltrasound.resources
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\LaboratoryProject.exe.manifest
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\bin\Debug\LaboratoryProject.application
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.exe.manifest
C:\Users\David\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LaboratoryProject\LaboratoryProject\obj\Debug\LaboratoryProject.application
